Name the six steps of troubleshooting: *1: Identify the problem; 2: Establish a
theory of probable cause; 3. Test the theory to determine cause; 4. Establish a
plan of action to resolve the problem and implement the solution; 5. Verify
full system functionality and, if applicable, implement preventative measures;
6. Document findings, actions, and outcomes*

What are some of the actions one should take in step one of the troubleshooting
process? *To identify the problem, one can: 1. Question the user; 2. Identify
any changes made to the computer; 3. Review any available documentation*

What are some of the actions one should take in step two of the troubleshooting
process? *Theorize as to what the most likely cause of the problem is: Start
with the most probable or obvious cause; Define whether the problem has to do
with hardware or software; Conduct internal or external research based on
symptoms; Ultimately, come up with a logical theory explaining the root of the
problem*

What are some of the actions one should take in step three of the troubleshooting
process? *Test the theory formulated in step two; If the theory fails during
testing, go back to step two and formulate a new theory-- repeat until a theory
tests positive; If you can't figure out the problem from any theory, escalate
the problem by bringing it to a supervisor in order to establish further
theories*

What are some of the actions one should take in step four of the troubleshooting
process? * Establish a plan of action to implement a solution; Have any
appropriate parties sign off on the plan before proceeding; implement the
solution*

What are some of the actions one should take in step five of the troubleshooting
process? *Verify whether the computer works properly; Establish measures to
prevent the problem from occurring in the future if possible; Ensure that
preventative measures don't interfere with any other systems or policies-- if
they do, get permission for your measures first*

What are some of the actions one should take in step six of the troubleshooting
process? *Document the issue, cause, solution, preventative measures, and any
other steps taken*

When you run out of possible theories to explain a problem, you should
*escalate the problem*.

What should you do after testing a theory to determine cause? *Establish a plan
of action to resolve the problem*

Name the ten basic PC tools: *Antistatic strap; Demagnetized phillips head
screwdriver; Multimeter; Power Supply Tester; Torx screwdriver; Hex
screwdriver; Plastic tweezers; Compressed air; Penlight; Magnifying glass*

What is the purpose of a multimeter? *For testing wires in a PC as well as AC
outlets*

What is the purpose of a power supply tester? *Testing a PC's power suppply.
Also known as a PSU*

What is the purpose of a torx screwdriver? *For (dis)assembling computers that
use the less common Torx screw (you use sizes T10 and T8 for PCs and smaller
sizes for laptops*

What is the purpose of a hex screwdriver? *For cases and other components that
do not use Phillips screws*

What is the purpose of plastic tweezers? *For grabbing screws that fall into
difficult-to-reach areas and for removing jumper shunts. A parts grabber is
also good for this*

What items and methods are crucial for protecting PC components when being
worked on? *Antistatic strap; antistatic mat; touching unpainted chassis or the
PSU of the computer for grounding*
